
client - Intact green services

exp < 5 yrs
What is desired state and in-desired state?
How do you deploy an application in Kubernetes?
Have you faced any memory issue in Jenkins pipeline? how would you troubleshoot
There are 2 VPCs A & B. Give me options so that A communicate to B and vice versa. Also, option where only A has to communicate to B.
2 Instances are created using terraform. Statefile is located locally and also in remote backend(S3). If a user deletes 1 instance what would happen? How would you handle this?
There is issue with docker image due to its size, what are the action plans from you to reduce the size.
What are the tools you have used for CI/CD pipeline?
Can we use POD as an agent? What are the drawbacks if we do so?
Type of services in Kubernetes, give their use case
What are the different type of Jenkins pipeline?
What are the advantages of multibranch pipeline?
You are unable to push docker image to dockerhub due to access issue. What are the sources where you can push your docker image other than dockerhub?

------------------------------------------
Interview Questions for Flentas (3.5 Years
Experience)
1. What is your architecture in your current project?
2. What applications are deployed in the frontend and backend?
3. Why did you not deploy the frontend on S3 and CloudFront, and instead deployed it on EKS?
4. What is a namespace in EKS?
5. How many namespaces do you currently have?
6. What is a node group?
7. How do you perform cost optimization on ECS, RDS, and ElastiCache?
8. Why have you used RDS Proxy?
9. The client application did not have connection pooling — how did you handle it?
10. A node is unable to join the cluster. What could be the reason?
11. What is the difference between the control plane and the data plane?
12. What is the difference between a Pod and a Container?
13. What are requests and limits in Kubernetes?
14. One node has 8 vCPU and 32 GB RAM. With pod autoscaling up to 4 replicas, each pod having
limits of 4 vCPU / 16 GB and requests of 2 vCPU / 10 GB RAM, how many instances of the pod will
run?
15. What did you implement in Lambda and API Gateway?
16. What is the difference between Redis and Memcached?
17. Explain the Terraform folder structure.
18. What is the difference between Terraform and Terragrunt?
19. What is the state file in Terraform?
20. How do you handle resource dependencies in Terraform?
21. When you ran terraform apply, did you encounter any unexpected changes?
22. If there is a problem in Terraform, how will you roll back the changes?
23. I have created an LB using Terraform, and some updates happened on it. Now I want to delete
the LB only — how will you do it?
24. How do you handle secrets in Terraform?
25. How will you pass secrets from AWS Secrets Manager to the pipeline?
26. Do you commit the tfvars file to Git? While running the pipeline, these parameters need to be
filled — how do you manage this in Jenkins?
27. What is Docker?
28. What is the difference between an image and a container?
29. What is a Helm chart?
30. I want to enable autoscaling in Kubernetes during high traffic. How will you scale both cluster
nodes and pods?
31. Can we use Cluster Autoscaler?
32. How do you scale EC2 instances?
33. When do we use VPA (Vertical Pod Autoscaler)?
34. Have you upgraded the EKS cluster?